Tech Volunteer Opportunities for Women in Seattle:

Volunteer Opportunities to Serve the Current Generation of Women in Technology:

ADA Developers Academy
https://adadevelopersacademy.org/volunteer/
Volunteer Opportunities:
Private Tutor
Teaching Assistant
Industry Mentors
Community Support
Admissions Volunteers
Mock Interviewers
ADA Developers Academy is a non-profit, tuition-free coding school for women and gender diverse adults.

Girls in Tech
https://seattle.girlsintech.org/
Volunteer Opportunities:
Mentors
Girls in Tech’s Mentorship Program focuses on the education and empowerment of women in technology and entrepreneurship.

She's Coding
http://shescoding.org/
Volunteer Opportunities: 
Events
Tech Women Rising Conference
Open-Source Development
Organization
Board
She's Coding is an open-source project developed in cooperation with the documentary film: Code: Debugging the Gender Gap. She's Coding provides education, resources, and actionable guidelines for anyone who wants to help bridge the gap in the field of computer science.

Volunteer Opportunities to Serve the Next Generation of Women in Technology:

ChickTech Seattle
https://seattle.chicktech.org/
"ChickTech is dedicated to retaining women in the technology workforce and increasing the number of women and girls pursuing technology-based careers.”
Volunteer Opportunities: 
Mentors
Marketing
Fundraising
ChickTech High School:
ChickTech High School is a year-long series of opportunities for 100 young women in the Puget Sound Area, providing hands-on workshops and mentoring.
ChickTech: K-8:
ChickTech facilitates hands-on, technology education programs for the younger  ChickTech generation (for female-identified youth that are entering kindergarten through eighth grade). The goal of every event is to give girls the opportunity to explore technology at an early age.

GEMS 
Girls in Engineering, Math, and Science by the Seattle Association of Women in Science
http://seattleawis.org/awis-events/gems/ 
“The goal of the program is to encourage girls to maintain and broaden their interest in STEM topics by providing hands-on activities, mentoring, field trips, and information about a variety of fields.
Volunteer Opportunities: 
Mentors
GEMS is a science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) enrichment program for 7th and 8th-grade girls currently attending a Seattle public school. GEMS meetings are once a month from 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm at two sites: one in South Seattle and one in South Lake Union.

Girls Who Code
https://girlswhocode.com/ 
"Girls Who Code is on a mission to close the gender gap in technology and to change the image of what a programmer looks like and does.
Volunteer Opportunities: 
Start a Club (After school clubs are for 3rd-5th and 6th-12th-grade girls to explore coding in a fun and friendly environment).

Ignite Worldwide
Inspiring Girls Now In Technology Evolution
http://www.igniteworldwide.org/
"Ignite's mission is to create opportunities to spark girls' excitement about technology careers and inspire than to new possibilities."
Volunteer Opportunities: 
Panel Speaker (Share your story and speak about the challenges and successes of your STEM career).
Ignite serves self-identifying girls and non-binary students in grades K-12 and college from all backgrounds by interacting with professional women in technology careers during the school day.

SPIN Girls
http://www.stempaths.org/spin-girls
"SPIN Girls provides fun, interactive, and high-quality STEM education to 8th-10th-grade girls of color- empowering them with the skills, confidence, and connections to pursue careers in STEM.”
Volunteer Opportunities: 
Mentors
Field Day Partners
SPIN Girls is open to female-identified students entering 8th-grade in a King County school. Girls of color with the potential for leadership and excellence are strongly encouraged to apply. SPIN Girls comes together 10 times over the course of a school year for Lab Days and Field Days.

Techbridge Girls
https://www.techbridgegirls.org/
“Techbridge Girls excites, educates, and equips girls from low-income communities by delivering high-quality STEM programming that empowers a girl to achieve economic mobility and better life chances.”
Volunteer Opportunities:
Role Models
Career Exploration Visit Hosts
Showcase Sponsors
Advisory Council Members
Techbridge provides training to equip volunteers to be effective role models and provides practical tips on engaging youth in STEM.
Techbridge Girls designs and delivers high-quality, fun STEM programs and learning experiences and trains educators to deliver their unique programs to marginalized girls across the U.S.
