A space for whatever we research on Women Tech Volunteering in Seattle.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Page: Homepage: Tech Volunteer Opportunities in Seattle for Women
Content:

"Of the STEM disciplines, tech is the only one where the participation of women has
actually decreased in the last 20 years." -Judith Spitz

"In 1995, 37% of computer scientists were women. Today, it's only 24%...." -Girls Who
Code

Millions of girls in the United States don't have access to quality STEM education. The
lack of resources that many schools face impedes girls' ability to pursue well-paying
STEM careers.

"Without diversity, technology will never reach its full potential. We need new people
with new ideas creating it." -ChickTech:Seattle

"Women, and especially minority women, are drastically underrepresented in STEM fields."
- Techbridge Girls

There are options to donate finances, but what is really needed is time. 

"Communities are built by strong leaders who want to make a difference." -ChickTech:
Seattle

*Perhaps a Graphic Images: Information for TechBridge Girls: 19% of U.S. girls are living
in poverty. 50% of low-wage workers are women of color. 11% of STEM jobs are held by women
of color. 30% of STEM degrees are earned by women.

*Footer URL: entrepreneur.com/article/289293

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Page: Impact on Community
Content:

Tech jobs are some of the best paying jobs.

"Young women and non-binary students glimpse themselves as innovators and entrepreneurs
through stories of successful women who work and live in their communities." - Ignite

"Chatting to the girls about what you do helps normalize the idea that women do science,
and helps them understand exactly what kind of tasks and jobs that can involve." -GEMS

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Impact on the Tech Industry
Content:

Teams with more gender diversity have better returns on investment.

There are countless open tech jobs with workforce needs.

There need to be more women in leadership.

"The market needs more women and underrepresented populations in the tech industry for
numerous reasons: for employers, more diversity in tech means an expanded talent pool,
improved team culture, and better products; for employees, tech jobs provide a path to
high-paying, rewarding careers." -Code Fellows

According to a recent study by Morgan Stanley (https://www.morganstanley.com/ideas/gender-diversity-investment-framework),
more diverse workplaces deliver better returns and less volatility.

According to McKinsey (https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/organization/our-insights/why-diversity-matters), 
companies in the top quartile for gender diversity are 15% more like to outperform against 
industry medians.

*Videos:
  url: https://youtu.be/8H3kUd5MjGI (copy and paste) "Here's Why Gender Diversity in Tech
  Matters (in Less Than 3 Minutes)"
  url: https://youtu.be/OOQfQwxCOF0 (copy and paste) "Why We Need Diversity in Technology"
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Page: Volunteer Opportunities:
Content:
Volunteer Opportunities to Encourage the Current Generation:
- Girls in Tech
  url:
  Volunteer Opportunities: Mentors****

- She's Coding
  url: shescoding.org
  Volunteer Opportunities: Events, Tech Women Rising Conference, Open-Source Development,
  Organization, and Board
  She's Coding is an open-source project developed in cooperation with the documentary
  film: Code: Debugging the Gender Gap. She's Coding provides education, resources, and
  actionable guidelines for anyone who wants to help bridge the gap in the field of
  computer science.

Volunteer Opportunities to Encourage the Next Generation:
- ChickTech Seattle
  url: seattle.chictech.org
  ChickTech Seattle's Mission: "ChickTech is dedicates to retaining women in the
  technology workforce and increasing the number of women and girls pursuing technology
  based careers.
  Volunteer Opportunities: Mentors, Marketing, Fundraising
  ChickTech High School:
    ChickTech High School is a year-long series of opportunities for 100 young women in
    the Puget Sound Area, providing hands-on workshops and mentoring.
  ChickTech: K-8:
    ChicTech facilitates hands-on, technology education programs for the younger ChickTech
    generation (for female identify youth from kindergarten to eighth grade). The goal of
    every event is to give girls the opportunity to explore technology at an early age.

- GEMS (Girls in Engineering, Math, and Science) by Seattle Association of Women in 
  Science
  url: seattleawis.org/awis-events/gems
  GEMS mission: The goal of the program is to encourage girls to maintain and broaden
  their interest in STEM topics by providing hands-on activities, mentoring, field trips,
  and information about a variety of fields.
  Volunteer Opportunities: Mentors
  GEMS is a science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) enrichment program for 7th
  and 8th grade girls currently attending a Seattle public school.
  GEMS meetings are once a month from 6:30PM TO 8:30PM at two sites- one in South Seattle
  and one in South Lake Union.
  
- Girls Who Code
  url: girlswhocode.com
  Girls Who Code's Mission: "Girls Who Code is on a mission to close the gender gap in 
  technology and to change the image of what a programmer looks like and does.
  Volunteer Opportunities: Start a Club
  Girls Who Code Programs: Clubs (After school clubs for 3rd-5th and 6th-12th grade girls
  to explore coding in a fun and friendly environment). 
  
- Ignite Worldwide: Inspiring Girls Now in Technology Evolution
  url: igniteworldwide.org
  Ignite's Mission: "Ignite's mission is to create opportunities to spark girls' 
  excitement about technology careers and inspire than to new possibilities."
  Volunteer Opportunities: Panel Speaker (Share your story and speak about the challenges
  and successes of your STEM career).
  Ignite serves self-identifying girls and non-binary students in grades K-12 and college
  from all backgrounds by interacting with professional women in technology careers during
  the school day.
  
- SPIN Girls
  url: stempaths.org/spin-girl
  SPIN Girls Mission: "SPIN Girls provides fun, interactive, and high quality STEM
  education to 8th-10th grade girls of color- empowering them with the skilly, confidence,
  and connections to pursue careers in STEM.
  Volunteer Opportunities: Mentors and Field Day Partners
  SPIN Girls is open to female-identified students entering 8th grade in a King County
  school. Girls of color with the potential for leadership and excellence are strongly
  encouraged to apply. SPIN Girls comes together 10 times over the course of a school
  year for Lab Days and Field Days.
  
- Techbridge Girls
  url: techbridgegirls.org
  Techbridge Girls' Mission: "The mission of Techbridge is to empower girls to realize
  their dreams through science, technology and engineering."
  Volunteer Opportunities: Role Models, Career Exploration Visit Hosts, Showcase Sponsors,
  Advisory Council Members
  *Techbridge provides training to equip volunteers to be effective role models and
  provides practical tips on engaging youth in STEM.
  Techbridge Girls is a non-profit organization with an innovative after-school and summer
  programs to inspire 5th through 12th grade girls from underserved communities to change
  the world by providing girls with hands-on projects and career exploration through
  curriculum, role models, and field trips. It was one of the earliest organizations to
  focus on introducing girls and marginalized communities to the STEM fields.
